"innerText","title"
"Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.","view quote"
"Bradley Whitford","view author"
"Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.","view quote"
"St. Jerome","view author"
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.","view quote"
"Charles R. Swindoll","view author"
"Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.","view quote"
"Carol Burnett","view author"
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.","view quote"
"Helen Keller","view author"
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.","view quote"
"Og Mandino","view author"
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.","view quote"
"Confucius","view author"
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.","view quote"
"Eleanor Roosevelt","view author"
"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.","view quote"
"Simone de Beauvoir","view author"
"The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.","view quote"
"Unknown","view author"
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.","view quote"
"Thomas A. Edison","view author"
"Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.","view quote"
"Norman Vincent Peale","view author"
"Either I will find a way, or I will make one.","view quote"
"Philip Sidney","view author"
"The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.","view quote"
"Confucius","view author"
"Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.","view quote"
"Lao Tzu","view author"
"Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.","view quote"
"Bo Jackson","view author"
"It always seems impossible until it's done.","view quote"
"Nelson Mandela","view author"
"Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.","view quote"
"George Herbert","view author"
"Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.","view quote"
"Og Mandino","view author"
"You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.","view quote"
"Rabindranath Tagore","view author"
"Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.","view quote"
"Pope John XXIII","view author"
"A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.","view quote"
"Ayn Rand","view author"
"Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.","view quote"
"Leo Buscaglia","view author"
"Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.","view quote"
"Theodore Roosevelt","view author"
"Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.","view quote"
"George S. Patton","view author"
"We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.","view quote"
"A. P. J. Abdul Kalam","view author"
